Dead Parrot Sketch 	https://www.ibras.dk/montypython/episode08.htm#6
Praline 	Hello, I wish to register a complaint...Hello? Miss?
Shopkeeper 	What do you mean, miss?
Praline 	Oh I'm sorry, I have a cold. I wish to make a complaint!
Shopkeeper 	Sorry, we're closing for lunch.
Praline 	Never mind that, my lad. I wish to complain about this parrot what I purchased not half an hour ago from this very boutique.
Shopkeeper 	Oh yes, the, the Norwegian Blue. What's wrong with it?
Praline 	I'll tell you what's wrong with it, my lad. It's dead, that's what's wrong with it!
Shopkeeper 	No, no, it's resting, look!
Praline 	Look my lad, I know a dead parrot when I see one, and I'm looking at one right now.
Shopkeeper 	No no sir. it's not dead. It's resting!
Praline 	Resting?
Shopkeeper 	Yeah, remarkable bird, the Norwegian Blue, beautiful plumage, innit?
Praline 	The plumage don't enter into it - it's stone dead.
Shopkeeper 	No, no - it's just resting!
Praline 	All right then, if it's restin', I'll wake him up! (shouts into cage) Hello Polly! I've got a nice cuttlefish for you when you wake up, Polly Parrot!
Shopkeeper 	(jogging the cage) There, it moved!
Praline 	No, he didn't. That was you pushing the cage!
Shopkeeper 	I did not.
Praline 	Yes, you did! (takes parrot out of cage, shouts) Hello Polly, Polly (bangs it against the counter) Polly Parrot, wake up. Polly. (throws it in the air and lets it fall to the floor) Now that's what I call a dead parrot.
Shopkeeper 	No, no. It's stunned.
Praline 	Look my lad, I've had just about enough of this. That parrot is definitely deceased. And when I bought it not half an hour ago, you assured me that its lack of movement was due to it being tired and shagged out after a long squawk.
Shopkeeper 	It's probably pining for the fjords.
Praline 	Pining for the fjords, what kind of talk is that? Look, why did it fall flat on its back the moment I got it home?
Shopkeeper 	The Norwegian Blue prefers kipping on it's back! Beautiful bird, lovely plumage!
Praline 	Look, I took the liberty of examining that parrot, and I discovered the only reason that it had been sitting on its perch in the first place was that it had been nailed there.
Shopkeeper 	Well of course it was nailed there. Otherwise it would muscle up to those bars and voom.
Praline 	Look matey (picks up the parrot) this parrot wouldn't voom if you put four thousand volts through it! It's bleedin' demised!
Shopkeeper 	It's not, it's pining!
Praline 	It's not pining, it's passed on. This parrot is no more! It has ceased to be. It's expired and gone to meet its maker.This is a late parrot. It's a stiff. Bereft of life, it rests in peace. If you hadn't nailed it to the perch it would be pushing up the daisies. It's rung down the curtain and joined the choir invisible. This is an ex-parrot.
Shopkeeper 	Well, I'd better replace it, then.
Praline 	(to camera) If you want to get anything done in this country you've got to complain till you're blue in the mouth.
Shopkeeper 	Sorry guv, we're right out of parrots.
Praline 	I see. I see. I get the picture.
Shopkeeper 	(pause) I got a slug.
Praline 	Does it talk?
Shopkeeper 	Not really, no.
Praline 	Well, it's scarcely a replacement, then is it?
Shopkeeper 	Listen, I'll tell you what, (handing over a card) tell you what, if you go to my brother's pet shop in Bolton he'll replace your parrot for you.
Praline 	Bolton eh?
Shopkeeper 	Yeah.
Praline 	All right.