#Source: https://www.ibras.dk/montypython/episode15.htm#2
Reg 	I don't know. Mr Wentworth just told me to come in here and say that there was trouble at the mill, that's all - I didn't expect a kind of Spanish Inquisition.
	Jarring chord. The door flies open and Cardinal Ximinez of Spain enters, flanked by two junior cardinals. Cardinal Biggles has goggles pushed over his forehead. Cardinal Fang is just Cardinal Fang.
Ximinez 	Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition! Our chief weapon is surprise...surprise and fear...fear and surprise.... our two weapons are fear and surprise...and ruthless efficiency.... Our three weapons are fear, surprise, and ruthless efficiency...and an almost fanatical devotion to the Pope.... Our four...no... amongst our weapons.... amongst our weaponry...are such elements as fear, surprise.... I'll come in again. (exit and exeunt)
Reg 	I didn't expect a kind of Spanish Inquisition.
	Jarring chord. They burst in.
Ximinez 	Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition! Amongst our weaponry are such diverse elements as fear, surprise, ruthless efficiency, and an almost fanatical devotion to the Pope, and nice red uniforms - oh damn! (to Biggles) I can't say it, you'll have to say it.
Biggles 	What?
Ximinez 	You'll have to say the bit about 'Our chief weapons are ...'
Biggles 	I couldn't do that...
	Ximinez bundles the cardinals outside.
Reg 	I didn't expect a kind of Spanish Inquisition.
	They all enter.
Biggles 	Er.... Nobody...um....
Ximinez 	Expects.
Biggles 	Expects... Nobody expects the...um...the Spanish...um...
Ximinez 	Inquisition.
Biggles 	I know...I know! Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition. In fact, those who do expect...
Ximinez 	Our chief weapons are...
Biggles 	Our chief weapons are...um...er...
Ximinez 	Surprise.
Biggles 	Surprise and...
Ximinez 	Stop. Stop there! Stop there. Whew! Our chief weapon is surprise, blah, blah, blah, blah. Cardinal, read the charges.
Fang 	You are hereby charged that you did on diverse dates commit heresy against the Holy Church. My old man said follow the...
Biggles 	That's enough. (to Lady Mountback) Now, how do you plead?
Lady Mountback 	We're innocent.
Ximinez 	Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!
	SUPERIMPOSED CAPTION: 'DIABOLICAL LAUGHTER'
Biggles 	We'll soon change your mind about that!
	SUPERIMPOSED CAPTION: 'DIABOLICAL ACTING'
Ximinez 	Fear, surprise, and a most ruthless... (controls himself with a supreme effort) ooooh! Now, Cardinal, the rack!
	Biggles produces a plastic-coated dish-drying rack. Ximinez looks at it and clenches his teeth in an effort not to lose control. He hums heavily to cover his anger.
Ximinez 	You....Right! Tie her down. (Fang and Biggles make a pathetic attempt to tie her on to the drying rack) Right! How do you plead?
Lady Mountback 	Innocent.
Ximinez 	Ha! Right! Cardinal, give the rack (oh dear) give the rack a turn.
	Cardinal Biggles stands their awkwardly and shrugs.
Biggles 	I....
Ximinez 	(gritting his teeth) I know. I know you can't. I didn't want to say anything. I just wanted to try and ignore your crass mistake.
Biggles 	I...
Ximinez 	It makes it all seem so stupid.
Biggles 	Shall I, um...?
Ximinez 	Oh, go on, just pretend for God's sake.
	Biggles turns an imaginary handle on the side of the rack. The doorbell rings. Reg detaches himself from the scene and answers it. Outside there is a dapper BBC man with a suit and a beard, slightly arty.
