# Source: https://www.ibras.dk/montypython/episode09.htm#6
Barber 	All right ... I confess I haven't cut your hair ... I hate cutting hair. I have this terrible un-un-uncontrollable fear whenever I see hair. When I was a kid I used to hate the sight of hair being cut. My mother said I was a fool. She said the only way to cure it was to become a barber. So I spent five ghastly years at the Hairdressers' Training Centre at Totnes. Can you imagine what it's like cutting the same head for five years? I didn't want to be a barber anyway. I wanted to be a lumberjack. Leaping from tree to tree as they float down the mighty rivers of British Columbia . . . (he is gradually straightening up with a visionary gleam in his eyes) The giant redwood, the larch, the fir, the mighty scots pine. (he tears off his barber's jacket, to reveal tartan shirt and lumberjack trousers underneath; as he speaks the lights dim behind him and a choir of Mounties is heard, faintly in the distance) The smell of fresh-cut timber! The crash of mighty trees! (moves to stand infront of back-drop of Canadian mountains and forests) With my best girlie by my side ... (a frail adoring blonde, the heroine of many a mountains film, or perhaps the rebel maid, rushes to his side and looks adoringly into his eyes) We'd sing ... sing ... sing.
	The choir is loud by now and music as well.
Barber 	(singing) I'm a lumberjack and I'm OK,
I sleep all night and I work all day
	Light comes up to his left to reveal a choir of Mounties.
Mounties Choir 	He's a lumberjack, and he's OK,
He sleeps all night and he works all day.
Barber 	I cut down trees, I eat my lunch,
I go to the lavatory.
On Wednesdays I go shopping,
And have buttered scones for tea.
Mounties Choir 	He cuts down trees, He eats his lunch,
He goes to the lavatory.
On Wednesdays he goes shopping,
And have buttered scones for tea.
He's a lumberjack, and he's OK,
He sleeps all night and he works all day.
Barber 	I cut down trees, I skip and jump,
I like to press wild flowers.
I put on women's clothing,
And hang around in bars.
Mounties Choir 	He cuts down trees, he skips and jumps,
He likes to press wild flowers.
He puts on women's clothing
And hangs around.... In bars???????
	
	During the last verse the choir has started to look uncomfortable but they brighten up as they go into the chorus.
Mounties Choir 	He's a lumberjack, and he's OK,
He sleeps all night and he works all day.
Barber 	I chop down trees, I wear high heels,
Suspenders and a bra.
I wish I'd been a girlie
Just like my dear Mama.
Mounties Choir 	He cuts down trees, he wears high heels
(spoken rather than sung)Suspenders and a .... a Bra????
	They all mumble. Music runs down. The girl looks horrified and bursts into tears.
Barber 	...just like my dear Mama.
Girl
(Connie Booth) 	Oh Bevis! And I thought you were so rugged. 